# My Little Vim

## Introduction

A vim setup for any programmer (extra browny points if you're a brony). It has components
geared toward the web developer (Ruby, PHP, javascript, SCSS/SASS/HAML, CSS,
etc.), has some things for Java and C++ game developers, and more.

Take a look!

## Requirements

This distro was built for Mac OS, but should be fine on linux. For windows,
your mileage may vary.

Vim needs to be built with ruby and python for some of its plugins (though they
simply won't be active if you don't have them).

## Installation

A simple case of:

   git clone https://github.com/hlissner/mlvim

# Plugins

## General
### Ack
How do you search your files? What's that? Not with Ack? Well there's your
problem! 

    :Ack [options] {pattern} [{directory}]

In the quickfix window:

    o    to open (same as enter)
    go   to preview file (open but maintain focus on ack.vim results)
    t    to open in new tab
    T    to open in new tab silently
    v    to open in vertical split
    gv   to open in vertical split silently
    q    to close the quickfix window

Where you would use :grep, :grepadd, :lgrep, or :lgrepadd, you use :Ack,
:AckAdd, :LAck, and :LAckAdd respectively.

([source](https://github.com/mileszs/ack.vim))

### Colorizer
Through one handy key, you can highlight #rrggbb, #rgb, color names,
rgb(r,g,b), etc. in the color they represent. A handy plugin for CSS, in
particular.

    <leader>cC      Toggles color highlighting. In visual mode, this will
                    only highlight colors in the selected region.

**Note**: This is actually chrisbra's color_highlight plugin (which is inspired
from the other colorizer plugins).

([source](https://github.com/chrisbra/color_highlight))

### CtrlP
If you've ever used textmate, sublime text 2, PeepOpen or the CommandT plugin
for vim - you know a fraction of what CtrlP does. Best of all, it's written
entirely in VimL!

![CtrlP paired with Powerline](https://a248.e.akamai.net/camo.github.com/63f9947cac196ec7e6e3d790fd3cd1e1463a7b9b/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f4d737549422e706e67)

It lets you fuzzy-find files, through your most-recently-used files, searchs
lines in all open buffers, and more.

    <leader>tt OR <D-t> (CMD+T)

    Command                             Fuzzy searching...:
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
    <leader>tb :CtrlPBuffer             between open buffers
    <leader>tr :CtrlPTag                tags
    <leader>tm :CtrlPMRU                through recently opened files
    <leader>tl :CtrlPLine               lines in open buffers
    <leader>tc :CtrlPChangeAll          changes in all open buffers 
    <leader>tc. :CtrlPChange            changes in current buffer

([source](https://github.com/kien/ctrlp.vim))

### NERDTree
The NERD tree allows you to explore your filesystem and to open files and
directories. It presents the filesystem to you in the form of a tree which you
manipulate with the keyboard and/or mouse. It also allows you to perform simple
filesystem operations.

    <leader>n           Opens NERDTree
    <leader>N           Opens NERDTree and focuses on current file

([source](https://github.com/scrooloose/nerdtree))

### PickAColor
Four commands that bring up the OS color picker; great in combination with
Colorizer.

    :PickHEX
    :PickHSL
    :PickRGB
    :PickRAW

### Powerline
An better-looking, more functional status line for vim. Compatible with many of
the plugins here.

![The different modes of
powerline](https://a248.e.akamai.net/camo.github.com/63f9947cac196ec7e6e3d790fd3cd1e1463a7b9b/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f4d737549422e706e67)

In this distro I've shorted all the mode labels to one or two characters ("I",
"V", etc) - I do love my minimalism.

([source](https://github.com/Lokaltog/vim-powerline))

### Syntastic
A plugin that does syntax checks when you save your code. If it finds errors,
it'll list them in a quickfix window with line numbers and everything - hover
over them, press enter and it'll jump you to where it is. It'll also mark
offending lines in the code directly!

Very useful, and I've applied a few extra setting to make working with PHP
a little more bearable. It also works for SASS/SCSS.

([source](https://github.com/scrooloose/syntastic))

### Tabular
Things should line up. When they don't, we become green, toss keyboards through
windows and generally wreck havoc on the unsuspecting masses. We can't have
that, so... presenting Tabular!

This distro comes with:

    <leader>a= :Tabularize /=
    <leader>a= :Tabularize /=
    <leader>a: :Tabularize /:
    <leader>a: :Tabularize /:
    <leader>a:: :Tabularize /:\zs
    <leader>a:: :Tabularize /:\zs
    <leader>a, :Tabularize /,
    <leader>a, :Tabularize /,
    <leader>a<Bar> :Tabularize /<Bar>
    <leader>a<Bar> :Tabularize /<Bar>

A short demonstration: running :Tabularize /= will make

    $varOne = 5;
    $myOtherVar = "Hello";
    $anotherVarOfDoom = "World";

into

    $varOne           = 5;
    $myOtherVar       = "Hello";
    $anotherVarOfDoom = "World";

([source](https://github.com/godlygeek/tabular))

### Tagbar
"Tagbar is a vim plugin for browsing the tags of source code files."

Need I say more?

([source](https://github.com/majutsushi/tagbar))

### YankRing
Keeping track of everything you yank, delete or change; basically a fancy
clipboard manager for vim. You can use <C-n> and <C-p> to switch between yanks,
or you can outright use <leader>p and choose which one you want.

([source](https://github.com/vim-scripts/YankRing.vim))

### bufkill
Offers a few helpful functions for handling buffers (particularly, deleting
them) without affecting the window layout.

    <leader>bd      Delete the current buffer, but preserves window layout

([source](https://github.com/vim-scripts/bufkill.vim))

### buftabs
Buftabs shows a list of your open tabs in the command bar. Yes, it will
disappear a lot of the time, and it's not as useful as LustyJuggler or CtrlP
for keeping track of your buffers - but it takes up less room than
miniBufExplorer and doesn't act like it's own buffer.

([source](https://github.com/vim-scripts/buftabs))

### delimitMate
Auto-inserts closing quotes, parenthesis, brackets, etc. This just makes insert
mode a whole lot nicer.

([source](https://github.com/Raimondi/delimitMate))

### LustyJuggler
Sure, you can use CtrlP to switch buffers, but sometimes you need something
quicker - or just for a glance at what buffers are open (when buftabs are
failing you).

    <leader>lj      Triggers LustyJuggler

The command line will turn into a |-delimited list of buffers, which will
correctly to keys on your home row. Potentially less typing if you're working
with fewer buffers. For everything else, there's mastâ€“er, CtrlP.

([source](https://github.com/vim-scripts/LustyJuggler))

### tcomment
There's also NERDCommenter, but I chose tcomment because it has more vim-natural 
movement controls and text object awareness. I can't do gciw to comment a word
in NERDCommenter.

By default, gcc comments out a line, but I've also mapped the following to do
so:

    map <leader>/
    imap <D-/>

([source](https://github.com/tomtom/tcomment_vim))

### ultisnips
So why not SnipMate? For one, it's nice having fewer dependencies - but that's
a minor quip. UltiSnip's is more powerful - especially with the ability to
embed ruby, python or VimL right into the snippets.

For this distro I've assigned <Tab> as the snippet expansion trigger, and <Tab>
/ <S-Tab> can be used to jump between markers.

([source](https://github.com/SirVer/ultisnips))

### vim-easytags
Something to autogenerate my tags. What can I say? I'm lazy.

([source](https://github.com/xolox/vim-easytags))

### vim-endwise
Auto completes block structures, like if, do, and def blocks, by adding the
"end" after it. Also works with VimL's endfunction/endif/etc and a few others.

([source](https://github.com/tpope/vim-endwise))

### vim-fugitive
"I'm not going to lie to you; fugitive.vim may very well be the best Git
wrapper of all time."

Amen.

    <leader>gs :Gstatus
    <leader>gd :Gdiff
    <leader>gc :Gcommit
    <leader>gb :Gblame
    <leader>gl :Glog
    <leader>gp :Git push

([source](https://github.com/tpope/vim-fugitive))

### vim-indent-guides
Adds a nice, subtle highlight to show indent levels. I find it works best with
soft tabs, which is active in this distro.

You can toggle indent guides using:

    <leader>ig

([source](https://github.com/nathanaelkane/vim-indent-guides))

### vim-pastie


### vim-ragtag
### vim-repeat
### vim-speeddating
### vim-surround
### vim-unimpaired
